README.md, before:

# Linker
A social networking platform for the growing American Muslim community.

## Project Links

Under construction. Check back soon for links!

LINKS DO NOT WORK YET.

- [Website](https://github.com/mohammad523/Linker)
- [iPhone](https://github.com/mohammad523/Linker)
- [Android](https://github.com/mohammad523/Linker)


## Project Description

A social networking platform for the growing American Muslim community. This application is going to have a website, iPhone, and android apps. 


## Technologies

- Front-end: React.js, React Native

- Back-end: Rails


## Wireframes

Not available at the moment.

- [wireframes](https://github.com/mohammad523/Linker)

## Components


| Component | Description | 
| --- | :---: |  
| App | Set up app with React | 





### MVP/PostMVP 

The functionality will then be divided into two separate lists: MPV and PostMVP.  Carefully decide what is placed into your MVP as the client will expect this functionality to be implemented upon project completion.

#### MVP 
- Website with regristration, login, and user authentication.
- name
- linkedin link
- email 
- encrypted password
- user bio
- user must select from one of the following: job seeking, hiring, strictly professional networking.
- optional radio button: meet me
- username is email



#### PostMVP 
- wireframes
- appstore deployment
- play store deployment
- newfeed
- icons
- qr code for business cards 
- digital business card




#### Time Frames!

Unless otherwise noted, time is listed in hours:

| Component | Priority | Estimated Time | Time Invetsted | Actual Time |
| --- | :---: |  :---: | :---: | :---: |
| Total | H | 25 | - | - |

## Additional Libraries

## Code Snippet

Use this section to include a brief code snippet of functionality that you are proud of and a brief description.  Code snippet should not be greater than 10 lines of code.

Commit message:

changing backend from rails to node.js

README.md, after:

<!-- @format -->

# Linker

A social networking platform for the growing American Muslim community.

## Project Links

Under construction. Check back soon for links!

LINKS DO NOT WORK YET.

- [Website](https://github.com/mohammad523/Linker)
- [iPhone](https://github.com/mohammad523/Linker)
- [Android](https://github.com/mohammad523/Linker)

## Project Description

A social networking platform for the growing American Muslim community. This application is going to have a website, iPhone, and android apps.

## Technologies

- Front-end: React.js, React Native

- Back-end: Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB

## Wireframes

Not available at the moment.

- [wireframes](https://github.com/mohammad523/Linker)

## Components

| Component |      Description      |
| --------- | :-------------------: |
| App       | Set up app with React |

### MVP/PostMVP

The functionality will then be divided into two separate lists: MPV and PostMVP. Carefully decide what is placed into your MVP as the client will expect this functionality to be implemented upon project completion.

#### MVP

- Website with regristration, login, and user authentication.
- name
- linkedin link
- email
- encrypted password
- user bio
- user must select from one of the following: job seeking, hiring, strictly professional networking.
- optional radio button: meet me
- username is email

#### PostMVP

- wireframes
- appstore deployment
- play store deployment
- newfeed
- icons
- qr code for business cards
- digital business card

#### Time Frames!

Unless otherwise noted, time is listed in hours:

| Component | Priority | Estimated Time | Time Invetsted | Actual Time |
| --------- | :------: | :------------: | :------------: | :---------: |
| Total     |    H     |       25       |       -        |      -      |

## Additional Libraries

## Code Snippet

Use this section to include a brief code snippet of functionality that you are proud of and a brief description. Code snippet should not be greater than 10 lines of code.
